use custom prometheus for kiali example (#263)
kyma-project/examples: kiali/README.md

## Overview

> The following instructions outline how to install [`Kiali`](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/tree/master/kiali-operator) in Kyma. As Kiali requires a prometheus installation preserving istio metrics, this example assumes that you installed the [custom prometheus example](./../prometheus/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions outline how to install [`Kiali`](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/tree/master/kiali-operator) in Kyma. Because Kiali needs a Prometheus installation preserving Istio metrics, this example assumes that you installed the [custom Prometheus example](./../prometheus/).
```
You can drop the 2nd sentence here, it's the 2nd bullet of the Prerequisites, right?

Author: We could, yes. Thought it is nicer to have it as a sentence as well to give small "background"

> The following instructions outline how to install [`Kiali`](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/tree/master/kiali-operator) in Kyma. Because Kiali needs a Prometheus installation preserving Istio metrics, this example assumes that you installed the [custom Prometheus example](./../prometheus/).

Author: ```suggestion
The following instructions outline how to install [`Kiali`](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/tree/master/kiali-operator) in Kyma.
```

## Prerequisites

- Kyma as the target deployment runtime

> - A [prometheus instance preserving istio metrics](./../prometheus/) deployed to the runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Prometheus instance preserving Istio metrics](./../prometheus/) deployed to the runtime.
```

> - kubectl > 1.26.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- kubectl version 1.26.x or higher
```
